ReactJs is a declarative, efficient and flexible javascript library for buildindg fast and interactive User Interfaces.
React is used to build Singel Page Application.
Index.html is the only page that is saved on browser, inorder to display what ever we injected within this div from index.js.

Why React?
1. Market Demand: is high for react library.
2. Speed : 
    React uses some clever techniques to minimize the number of costly DOM operations that is required to update the UI.
    [It can change data over time without having to reload the page.]
3. Many big Applications are using React.
    [Netflix, Facebook, Instagram, Paypal, DropBox....]
4. Applications build with react follows component-based architectural approach.
    It means components are basic buildindg block of React.

What is Component?
    1. It is a isolated piece of UI, that is composed to build complex UI.
    2. All of these single components are wrapped up in a single root component.
    3. The root componenet is the default componenet of every react application.
    4. So, the responsibility of root component is to serve as a container for every other component that will be created when building react Application.   
    6. Root is nothing but mother of all components.
    7. Components are reusable, so in reactjs a reusable componenet is a piece of
       UI, that can be used in various parts of Application to build more than one UI[one componenet can be used with different properties to display different infoemation].  
    We have two types of components :
    1. Functional : These are JS functions that accept props as an argument and then return a valid JSX, which in actual sense describes the UI.
    2. Class : Class component is usually a regular ESS classes that extends a component class from react Library, and it must have the render method that returns the JSX, which in turn describes the UI.
    Components must be pascal named.        

JSX[JavaScript Xml]
 1. Everthing we see inside the return function of App.js, is the JSX.
 2. It is a syntax extension of JS that is used to define the meaning and structure of the web content.
 3. And the difference between JSX and html is the className attribute, in html it is class, because it is a reserve 
    keyword in JS, similarly for attribute also, it should be htmlFor.
 4. You have wrap up the entire JSX in the parent Element.    

Props[Properties]:
    It is an object that stores the value of an attribute of a tag.
    Props enables you to pass data from one component to another, precisely from a parent component to child.
    props are immutable.

UseState-Hooks:    
    To maintain a components data that changes over time, we have to make use of the use state hooks.
    Use State is a special function, that takes the initial State as an argument and then returns an array of two entries.As it is a function we have to invoke it.

List-Rendering(Map Method):
    In ReactJs best way to display list opf items on the screen is by using the map method.
    The map method allows you to iterate over an array and modify its elements using a call-back function.
    The callback function will then be executed on each of the arrays elements.
    **Map is a standard JS function, that could be called on any array.

//In HTML form elements are responsible on their own to handle user inputs and update the values respectively.
  But in react we want react to handle and control the form Element, and so such form elements
  whose value is controlled and handled by react is called controlled components.

  //While creating inputs, we will have normal HTML inputs,but in react we have to convert this into
    a controlled input, so to do that we have to follow three steps:
    1. import useState hook, and declare the State variable that will control the forming period.

//Fragments
    Fragment allows us to group a list of children elements without adding extra node to the DOM.
    
